# Mission to Mars with Python and MongoDB: HTML Web Scraping for Flask
## Overview
Robin, a junior data scientist, does astronomy in her spare time to hopefully work for NASA someday. She spends a lot of time visiting websites about space exploration, her favorite being the mission to Mars. While reading an article about how much water Mars may have had in its youth, Robin gets an idea: she could write a script that will gather all the information searched into one convenient location, and once she gathers it, she could share it with other astronomy enthusiasts. This could even get NASA's attention. 

We help Robin build a web application that will scrape new data every time she needs it to by clicking a button. She understands how webpages are built so she can write a Python script that can navigate the webpages to collect the correct information. Once she has all the data, it is stored on MongoDB, which suits Robin's needs of downloading tables, paragraphs, and images. To tie everything together, Robin (with our assitance) used Flask to create the web application with Python and customized it with HTML and CSS, as well as Bootstrap for an extra polish.

Robin's app is looking great and functioning properly, but she wants to add more polish. She's been loving images of Mars's hemipshires that she found online and realized that the website is scraping-friendly. She wants to adjust the current web app to include all four hemisphere images. Robin appreciates our all our help and wants to provide as much support as she can. We will use BeautifulSoup and Splinter to scrape full-resolution images of Mars's hemispheres and image titles, store the scraped data on a Mongo database, use a web application to display the data, and adjust the design of the web app to accommodate Robin's changes.
